Test Plan:
----------
A test plan is a document that consists of all future testing-related activities. 
It is prepared at the project level and in general, it defines work products 
to be tested, how they will be tested, and test type distribution among the testers.

Test lead, Test Manager, Test Engineer will prepare a Test Plan.

The test plan serves as the blueprint that changes according to the progressions 
in the project and stays current at all times.

It serves as a base for conducting testing activities and coordinating activities 
among a QA team.

It is shared with Business Analysts, Project Managers, and anyone associated 
with the project.

Key Benefits:
-------------
1.Quick guide for the testing process
2.Helps to avoid out-of-scope functionalities
3.Helps to determine the time, cost, and effort
4.Provide a schedule for testing activities
5.Test plan can be reused

Objectives:
-----------
1.Overview of testing activities
2.Provides timeline
3.Helps to estimate resources
4.Serves as a blueprint
5.Helps to identify solutions
6.Serves as a rulebook

Types of Test Plans:
--------------------
1.Mater - includes multiple test strategies and has multiple levels of testing.
2.Phase - emphasis is on any one phase of testing.
3.Specific - designed for specific types of testing especially non-functional testing 

Steps to create an efficient test plan:
---------------------------------------
1.Define the release scope - define the scope of testing for your release.

2.Schedule timelines - Specify release deadlines.

3.Define test objectives - is a reason or purpose for designing and executing a test.
 
  Metrics to measure Testing:
  1.Defect Density

         Defect Density = Defect count/size of the release (lines of code)

  2.Test Coverage

         Test Coverage = (Total number of requirements mapped to test cases / Total number of requirements) x 100.
          
   3.Defect Detection Efficiency (DDE)

         DDE = The percentage of defects detected during a phase / Total number of defects
   
   4.Time to Market

         TTM = The time it takes for your company to go from idea to product launch

4.Determine test deliverables - helps in track testing progress.

5.Design the test strategy - determine test cost, test effort.

6.Plan test environment and test data -  helps in precise and robust testing.